# Reflection Questions

1. When I have used AI agents in the past, my go-to method to refine the output was to reword the same thing in a different way. I never really thought about providing more context or specific information like audience level of specificity. I haven't had the necessity to implement the refining techniques in my actual work yet, but I do think that this will be incredibly helpful as I study for my qualifying exams. I have used AI agents to explain a math concept previously but I always took the output at face value and didn't think to tailor the response to suit my current understanding.

2. I found that Copilot was not as adept at fixing configuration issues. I had quite a lot of trouble setting up the Zotero MCP. When trying to query Copilot to fix the installation, it would want to implement commands that it said would fix the issue, but would not actually work. Another example is when I tried to make sure that Python was in my path. I was able to see that it was, but the terminal would not recognize the Python commands. When I asked Copilot to help fix this issue, nothing it suggested worked and so my only option was to scour the internet for help.

3. It was deinitely the introduction of NotebookLM to synthesize the literature. I struggle to read academic papers due to density of information and focus issues. I get easily distracted when trying to read technical papers. Discovering the NotebookLM skill to essentially read the papers for me and tell me what I need to know was a game changer. It will make my research process more efficient and allow me to focus on the actual research rather than spending hours reading papers.

4. The immediate use I see in skill creation is in studying for my qualifying exams. I have eight courses I need to study for and the amount of material is overwhelming. I think the next thing that I will build will be a time management skill that is able to take in a time frame and a list of tasks and create a schedule that focuses on subjects where I know I am weaker and allots more time to those subjects. Following from this, I can see myself using the skills I now have to predict which concepts in a course are more significant than others based on the volume of homework and exam questions that are based on those concepts.

